feat: add `is_parameter_timeseries` trait, improve parameter timeseries indexing (#75)
SciML/SymbolicIndexingInterface.jl: docs/src/api.md

```@docs
observed
parameter_observed
ParameterObservedFunction
```

#### Parameter timeseries

If the index provider contains parameters that change during the course of the simulation

> at discrete intervals, it must implement the following methods to ensure correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at discrete time points, it must implement the following methods to ensure correct
```

Author: Fixed in

functioning of [`getu`](@ref) and [`getp`](@ref) for value providers that save the parameter
timeseries. Note that there can be multiple parameter timeseries, in case different parameters

> change at different times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may change at different times.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/SciML/SymbolicIndexingInterface.jl/pull/75/commits/9046cd71a4147ac48322914436f422f847c4624f
